ttl: add ttl_running_tasks sysvar (#12702)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

> ### tidb_ttl_delete_rate_limit <span class="version-mark">New in v6.5.0</span>

Reviewer: btw，可以给 ttl 的系统变量都加上一句`For more information, refer to [Time to Live](/time-to-live.md).` 吗？我刚才 commit 被覆盖掉了 😿

- Default value: `23:59 +0000`
- This variable is used to control the end time of the scheduling window of TTL jobs in the background. When you modify the value of this variable, be cautious that a small window might cause the cleanup of expired data to fail.

### tidb_ttl_running_tasks <span class="version-mark">New in v7.0.0</span>

- Scope: GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Type: Integer
- Default value: `-1`

> - Range: `[1, 256]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Range: `-1` and `[1, 256]`
```

> - Specifies the maximum number of running TTL tasks. `-1` means the limitation is set according to the count of TiKV nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Specifies the maximum number of running TTL tasks in the entire cluster. `-1` means the number of TTL tasks is equivalent to the number of TiKV nodes.
```
